API Key : Tom43Z5jLkqyMB0XniKsRa6NcC9EeAFV

User Stories:

                User story 1: As a user, I want to be able to see a fixed navigation header, so that I can
                easily navigate through the app.
                ■ I want to be able to navigate to the ‘Houses’ page.
                ■ I want to be able to see what page is currently active.


                User story 2: As a user, I want to be able to see an overview of all available houses within
                the homepage of the web app, so that I can see what the app has to offer.
                ■ I want to be able to see the address, postal code and city of the listing.
                ■ I want to be able to see the image, size, the number of bedrooms and bathrooms
                of the listing.


                User story 3: As a user, I want to be able to search through the available houses by at least
                one of the house listing properties, so that I can find specific houses based on search
                criteria.
                ■ I want to be able to clear my search input, after I start typing.
                ■ I want to be able to see a result indication, informing me about the number of
                results that are found.
                ■ I want to be able to see if my search input did not match any results.


                User story 4: As a user, I want to be able to sort the available houses shown on the
                ‘Homepage’ by at least one option (price or size), so that I can sort based on my
                preference.


                User story 5: As a user, I want to be able to access the details of a house, so that I can read
                more in-depth information about my selected house.
                ■ I want to be able to see the address, postal code and city of the listing.
                ■ I want to be able to see the description, image, number of bedrooms and
                bathrooms, the size, construction and if the listing has a garage or not.
                ■ If it is my own listing, I want to be able to delete and edit the listing.


                User story 6: As a user, I want to be able to create my listing(s), by completing all the
                required fields in a form.
                ■ I want to be able to add the address (street name, House number, Addition, Postal
                Code and City) of my listing.
                ■ I want to be able to set an image, a description, a price, the size, the amount of
                bedrooms and bathrooms, the construction date whether my listing has a garage
                or not.

                ■ If I have not completed all the required fields or there is a validation error in the
                form, I should see an appropriate error message.
                ■ After completing the form and creating the listing, I should be redirected to the
                newly created listing detail page.


                User story 7: As the owner of a listing, I want to be able to have an edit and delete button
                on the detail page of a house that I own, so that I can navigate to the edit page of my
                listing or delete the listing.


                User story 8: As the owner of a listing, I want to be able to edit my listing(s).
                ■ I want to be able to edit the address (street name, House number, Addition, Postal
                Code and City) of my listing.
                ■ I want to be able to edit the image, description, price, size, amount of bedrooms
                and bathrooms, the construction date and whether my listing has a garage or  not.
                               
                ■ If I have not completed all the required fields or there is a validation error in the
                form, I want to be informed with an appropriate error message.
                User story 9: As the owner of a listing, I want to be able to delete my listing(s).
                ■ I want to see a warning before the successful deletion of my listing